1-white house:

White House Hotel Istanbul is located in the heart of the historical peninsula and it is within walking distance to Hagia Sophia, Blue Mosque, Topkapi Palace, Archeology Museum, the Basilica Cistern, Grand Bazaar, Spice Bazaar, the Millennium Stone and Byzantine Hippodrome, which are the most important landmarks of the city. White House Hotel Istanbul is the ideal starting place for exploring this Ottoman capital city's endless historical sites, museums, restaurants, clubs and shops.

2-Radisson Blu Hotel, Beirut Verdun:
Discover the Radisson Blu Hotel in the heart of Verdun, Beruit's shopping district. Explore nearby attractions and beautiful beaches along the Mediterranean Sea.
You can also have the same experience in different parts of the world as our hotels chains continue to grow in over 30 countries from whom we list: Kuwait, Bahrain,Oman, Australi, Nepal,Greese,Austria and more.

Link:
https://www.radissonhotels.com/en-us/



3-Alexis Royal Sonesta Hotel Seattle:
The Alexis Royal Sonesta Hotel brings charm, warmth and contemporary sophistication to the city’s historic West Edge Neighborhood. Our historic 1901 hotel has been luxuriously updated with rich natural touches, locally curated art and inspiration from Seattle’s music scene. And your experience will be nothing short of indulgent, with stunning city views and convenient walks to local attractions including the Waterfront, Pioneer Square, and Pike Place Market.

Unwind over delicious contemporary cuisine and cocktails at The Bookstore Bar & Café, delight the senses with an afternoon at Chroma Spa, and work out in award-winning style at our fitness center - all steps from your room. If business brings you to the city, enjoy intimate meeting and event spaces. Settle in, enjoy a slice of Seattle’s history and experience the city like never before.

Sonesta transitioned this hotel from Kimpton® Hotel Alexis Seattle. Our team looks forward to welcoming you to an unrivaled guest experience when you visit this new location.

x
1007 First Avenue

Seattle, WA 98104 US

Get Directions »



4-High line hotel
Located 1 minutes’ walk from the High Line Park, this historic hotel is located in the Chelsea neighborhood in New York. The nearest underground station to hotel is 23 Street. WiFi access is available.

Each room at The High Line Hotel will provide you with a 46” flat-screen TV, a Jawbone MINIJAMBOX and a mini bar. Private bathrooms feature a bath or shower and complimentary C.O. Bigelow bath amenities.

At this hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar. The hotel offers Shinola bicycle rentals.

The High Line Hotel is 6 minutes’ walk from Chelsea Market, 10 minutes’ walk from shopping and dining in the Meatpacking District, and 17 mi from Newark Liberty International Airport.

This is our guests' favorite part of New York, according to independent reviews.

Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 9.3 for a two-person trip.
Link:

https://thehighlinehotel.com/


5-Shangri-La’s Fijian Resort & Spa

The resort is located on the beautiful 109-acre private Yanuca Island with its pure white sandy beach and crystal clear, coral rich seas of the exotic Fiji Islands. Only 45 minutes from Nadi International Airport, the island is connected from the mainland by a causeway. A traditional Fijian village is the inspiration behind the layout of the 443-room resort with every guest room, suite and bure featuring a private balcony with spectacular views of the Pacific Ocean or the resort’s lagoon. New to the Resort is the Reef Wing which focuses on the adults-only experience, full of options for private dinners, extravagant spa treatments for two, and complimentary cocktails and canapés by the pool at sunset. Unlimited wired broadband Internet access is complimentary in all rooms. A wide range of authentic dining options are available with five world-class restaurants and two lively bars, each bringing fresh, local flavours with a Fijian flair. Cultural shows highlight Fijian lovo, meke and firewalking rituals, and contemporary Fijian dance. The Resort offers a range of activities, including water sports, scuba diving and golf, and a popular Kid's Club. Chi the Spa is a secluded spa village set away from the main resort, and provides the privacy and luxury of the largest Spa villas in Fiji. Four Oceanview and two Rainforest treatment villas feature relaxation areas overlooking either the Pacific Ocean or an exotic rainforest, with private garden patios, outdoor bath tubs, herbal steam room and outdoor showers. Overnight spa journeys are available.
link:
http://www.shangri-la.com/yanucaisland/fijianresort/